John Reinhart: I got this recording on
John Reinhart: This recording is at three
John Reinhart: And we're going to do a treatment plan with with
John Reinhart: Giovanni Murray. So Maria, just ask you some questions and kind of answering the best can snow, it's painless.
John Reinhart: Okay.
John Reinhart: Do this and everything. How's your day been
Giovanni Murray: I've done a lot of treatment plans.
John Reinhart: Okay, you're, you're probably more familiar than I am, or
Giovanni Murray: 11 impatience and three outpatient
John Reinhart: Yeah, you kind of know how things roll, then
Giovanni Murray: Yeah.
John Reinhart: All right, well, if I miss up on anything, let me know. All right.
John Reinhart: I'm going to start off with. First of all, number one question. What brings you into treatment and why now.
Giovanni Murray: Um, well, so I've been like trying to get this. Well, I was like getting addicted to
Giovanni Murray: Like heroin and fentanyl and so I wanted like to get away from that already, but I wasn't like super motivated to do it. And then my friend like overdosed and almost died on my floor. And I was like, I should really get so good.
Giovanni Murray: Because I just don't want to have to like be in a situation where, after like resuscitate my friend and I can vouch that
Giovanni Murray: It's just sad. So when we went to the hospital. I asked if they had any like resources for like addiction hope and they they recommended you guys and I did the intake over there.
John Reinhart: Okay, cool. How long you been with bright heart.
Giovanni Murray: About like a month or so.
John Reinhart: Okay, how's it going
Giovanni Murray: It's been pretty good. I mean, there's been a couple issues with like medication stuff they've messed up and
John Reinhart: Takes a little longer, and
John Reinhart: That stuff out of it.
Giovanni Murray: All it's been fine and that stuff gets yeah easier with time, I'm sure.
John Reinhart: Yeah okay let me move on. Next question, tell me your story with substances.
Giovanni Murray: Oh god, it's a long one.
John Reinhart: Well,
Giovanni Murray: I i 19 I've been using us like hard drugs, since I was like 10 my dad gave me coke. When I was 10
Giovanni Murray: Will do. So I got into that show pretty early, and I got sent to my first, like rehab. When I was 12 I got expelled from eighth grade ecstasy.
Giovanni Murray: And so I just like, I don't know, they kind of fucked up my life but they're pretty young age. I've been doing them for a long time, but I haven't really developed like a bad problem.
Giovanni Murray: With them into like
Giovanni Murray: A lot later on I was like high school I got pretty bad was annex for a while, but then I like quit that
Giovanni Murray: And then I was like, just casually using stuff up until I started like playing around with opiates and as soon as I started doing that I got, like, really addicted to those
Giovanni Murray: Because I could do before that I drink Coke like occasionally do whatever occasionally like when I went out. I went out, whatever. But when I started doing opiate that instantly became like every day really quickly.
John Reinhart: Well, dude, happy life, man.
John Reinhart: When were you first exposed. I guess 10 years older.
Giovanni Murray: Yeah 10 maybe nine
John Reinhart: Enough.
John Reinhart: While we're doing this. All right. That's just one of the deals, even though we're not in group, but just kind of like, you know, hold off to after we're done. I appreciate it.
Okay.
Giovanni Murray: Go ahead. Yeah, I don't know, like
Giovanni Murray: 10 nine, something like that. If you don't like drinking and we are whatever
John Reinhart: Wow. Yeah. So, man. It's good. You're in here you know you're young. So just to get this kind of get a, you know, get to get this corner and and figure it out and taking care of, you know, it's a day to day deal as, you know,
John Reinhart: Yeah, how, how did it progress. I mean,
Giovanni Murray: It. I mean, it never really progressed until I started doing opiates like that, that just like went out of control. Real quick.
John Reinhart: How long has that been
Giovanni Murray: That's been like
Giovanni Murray: I started taking them like
Giovanni Murray: Eight months ago something. Yeah.
John Reinhart: So,
John Reinhart: So good. Is it hasn't been for a long, long time.
Giovanni Murray: No. So, but it was like it got pretty bad because I was like doing
Giovanni Murray: I started with offseason and they got too expensive within like a month or two, so I just started like after that I was just doing like heroin and fentanyl for like the
Giovanni Murray: Last six months or whatever. But it didn't go on like super long, but I was just like, Well, I don't really want to do this.
John Reinhart: Yeah. Good thing you're by. I mean, is you're doing better by, by the way.
Giovanni Murray: My body. Yeah, yeah.
John Reinhart: Good, good. Yeah, well, you know, we get our wake up calls in different ways. Hopefully we do and it's not too late. When was the worst for you.
Giovanni Murray: The worst of the withdrawals, or what
John Reinhart: You maybe just kind of like doing drugs and kind of knowing. Hey, this is just not going. I mean,
Giovanni Murray: You know you're miserable and
John Reinhart: Everything and you're chasing all that
I think
Giovanni Murray: Probably pretty recently I've never really had like negative experiences from drugs, until recently with the opiates women just got really addicted and all my money was going to it and I have like a couple of friends overdose while doing it. And I overdosed was doing it.
Giovanni Murray: And then it's just like, Well, I don't really want to do this.
John Reinhart: Right on. Right on.
John Reinhart: You don't have any chronic pain issues do
Giovanni Murray: Sometimes I have a genetic disease.
John Reinhart: Or really want to elaborate on that a little bit.
Giovanni Murray: It's called mitochondrial disease. I got like chronic headache or like chronic migraines.
Giovanni Murray: Or Ryland. I get some called chronic fatigue and I have like showing tissues like arthritic stuff.
John Reinhart: Wow.
John Reinhart: Man, that's
John Reinhart: That's pretty unusual for your age.
Giovanni Murray: Now when you're at, well, I
Giovanni Murray: was diagnosed with mitochondrial disease when I was like 10 years old.
Giovanni Murray: And I don't know, it's just a I'd get like migraines that kept me out of school for like a month or two at a time. And I just got like really sick all the time.
John Reinhart: Yeah. Well, I'll tell you there's some great apps that we do that helps me out to with stuff like that that insight timer is really good, I'm sure.
John Reinhart: Your doctors talked about that.
Giovanni Murray: Without what
John Reinhart: That app called insight timer.
John Reinhart: It's, it's for guided meditations, and it's for sleeping anxiety, depression,
John Reinhart: It's for over you know overactive mind it's you know it's one of those things. It's, it's like mindfulness. So it kind of helps you kind of calm down. When you're at night and trying to sleep in your mind's just you know you're hurting, and you kind of floating all over the place, you know,
Giovanni Murray: Yeah, I don't like personally I don't. I've never had like much luck with that stuff, at least, especially for sleep because it makes me like more anxious, like I get anxious
Giovanni Murray: Like when I think about sleep in general and like doing something actively to try and like make myself sleepy are usually makes myself like more anxious that I'm not going to sleep and actively spend nights not sleeping.
Giovanni Murray: Two nights not sleeping well
John Reinhart: That might be down the road apiece or something you might want to think about that.
John Reinhart: Yeah okay, growing up was your family like
Giovanni Murray: Shitty
Giovanni Murray: Oh, yeah, yeah. Now, they were my moms like crazy.
Giovanni Murray: And like, and then my dad's just like a short guide fucking alcoholic, whatever.
Giovanni Murray: And my mom just like crazy like yellows all the time and screams
John Reinhart: Yes, so let's
John Reinhart: Talk a little bit toxic environment for you to say the least. What about
Giovanni Murray: Actually like brought me out of the house when I was
John Reinhart: I'm sorry, do you have any brothers and sisters
Giovanni Murray: I have a little sister and then three half siblings in England.
John Reinhart: Old England.
Giovanni Murray: Yeah.
Giovanni Murray: Cuz I was born over there.
John Reinhart: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Giovanni Murray: There, five years.
John Reinhart: Now, so you came over here. When you're like five years old or what
Giovanni Murray: Yeah, when I was five, I can
John Reinhart: Well, we're about sin, England, are they
Giovanni Murray: London North Acton
John Reinhart: Oh, wow.
John Reinhart: Where do you live up in the Bay Area right now.
Giovanni Murray: Yeah, I live in San Francisco. Nice.
John Reinhart: Okay.
John Reinhart: We're your parents. Together they always been together.
Giovanni Murray: They were together, up until I was like about 10 and but that whole time, my dad didn't have American citizenship. So you only visited for like three to four months out of the year.
Giovanni Murray: From England need come over here after I turned five for like little visits, but he was like trying to get a visa. The whole time, but he has like an extensive felony criminal records. So it's really hard for him to get a visa over here.
Giovanni Murray: So we never ended up getting one. Then they divorced and there is no reason for him to
John Reinhart: Yeah, so it kind of absentee Dad, you never really had a dad, they
John Reinhart: Kind of, yeah stuff. Yeah, that you could remember
Giovanni Murray: No, I mean, I've never really lived with him and like the times that he
Giovanni Murray: did come to visit you just do a lot of coke and drink a whole bunch. And he's like, make me drive the car when I was like a little fucking kid because it was too drunk.
Too much
John Reinhart: Well, you've, you've done a lot in near your short life here. Let's see.
John Reinhart: Did anyone in your home life struggle with mental
Health substance abuse.
John Reinhart: I think we already kind of covered that night.
Giovanni Murray: My mom like crazy. She's
Giovanni Murray: Like just goes into like screaming fits for, like, no worries. And then she like kicked me out all
John Reinhart: Your common language down a little bit. If you
John Reinhart: Appreciate that.
John Reinhart: Yeah, so that's that's a tough go right there. Okay. Did you notice any addictive type of behaviors. Well, you already said that like gambling working a lot or awareness of sexual material.
Giovanni Murray: And you might yell like everything I mentioned my dad cheated on my mom like hundreds of times and
Giovanni Murray: It's just crazy.
Yeah.
John Reinhart: Alright man, okay we're we're over halfway done. So it says have been too.
John Reinhart: Painful I hope
John Reinhart: What was school like for you, Giovanni
Giovanni Murray: School always easy. I graduated a year early
Giovanni Murray: From high school and
Giovanni Murray: Middle school I had well like most of my school. I've always had like straight A's or A's and B's unless I really wasn't like paying attention. And I was like, I've always had easy us with school like a graduated a year early and like middle school, they had me like
Giovanni Murray: I'd get credit for like giving lectures like
Giovanni Murray: science classes and the high school at the high school level, because it was like a private school with middle and high school is just school always been, etc.
John Reinhart: So while you're any passions that you have as far as your future. What you want to do. I mean,
Computers.
Giovanni Murray: I like music tech. I've been studying for the past two years. And before that, I was just interested in like playing technology hardware, not so much software.
John Reinhart: Like my grand
John Reinhart: You he's he's, he went to computer camp over there in Silicon Valley.
John Reinhart: Yeah, I can hear, and he got out and I think he's pulling in a six figures, you know,
John Reinhart: Job. So I mean it's wide open for you if you got a mind for that. I don't have to tell you that you already know it.
Yeah.
John Reinhart: How far did you complete in school.
Giovanni Murray: I i I'm in a trade score right now but I only finished I got like a high school diploma and I left early
John Reinhart: Yeah, no, yeah, no sense. And if you already kind of know what you want to do. I mean that's that's the man that's that's huge. It's more than a lot of people
John Reinhart: Did you struggle with any learning disabilities doesn't sound like it.
Giovanni Murray: I have ADHD, but that's about it.
John Reinhart: Yeah, I don't know about that stuff. Sometimes it seems like most guys are hyper. You know what I mean.
John Reinhart: And yeah, and I think personally, I mean, sometimes we over medicate. Some kids, you know what I mean muted. They just, they're just being boys, man.
Giovanni Murray: Yeah, I was never I was diagnosed when I was like 14 they medicated me for a while but it like fuck with my appetite. A lot. So I was like, I'd rather just not take the medications and I never did. Since and
John Reinhart: What did they give you Ritalin.
Giovanni Murray: Now they gave me outer all XR which I just don't like any like amphetamine that i've you know I've always hated them.
John Reinhart: Right on, man. I just from what I could see your you go to active mind, you don't need that stimulation. You got plenty of stimulation, as it is, it seems like
Giovanni Murray: Yeah.
Giovanni Murray: It was more for compulsions like I have some OCD tendencies.
Giovanni Murray: That are like the, like, oh,
Giovanni Murray: Like part of the ADHD like pick up my like skin or like my buttons on my shirt like chew on them and stuff. And so they were just mainly trying to stop that. But I felt like I've always had appetite issues. They were like, Well, we'd rather have them eating as much as you can.
John Reinhart: Yeah, so you've had trouble not your, your thing is not how much do you weigh
Giovanni Murray: Away 120 and I'm fine.
John Reinhart: So you foods, not a big deal for you.
Giovanni Murray: What
John Reinhart: My feet. I said, food, eating is not a big deal for you.
Giovanni Murray: I like food. I just, I rarely have an appetite like I usually eat like one meal a day.
John Reinhart: Yeah, and get a good got to get those taste buds working again for you, bro.
John Reinhart: Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up either in your neighborhood family or friends guess that's kind of like a PTSD topic question. Is there anything that was
Giovanni Murray: Like traumas.
Giovanni Murray: What
Giovanni Murray: I tell them, I repeat, repeat, no I didn't.
John Reinhart: I added that let me let me rephrase this. Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up either in your neighborhood family or friends, anything that you can pinpoint that you could think of.
John Reinhart: Our you talk to
Giovanni Murray: You talking. Yeah, there's a lot of things to
Giovanni Murray: Point out, but I couldn't point to, like, one thing that's like pivotal
John Reinhart: Okay, so, like, not one massive toxic travel situation or whatever.
Giovanni Murray: I was
Giovanni Murray: I was when I went to one of those treatment when the second treatment center. I was sent to as in Utah was like really abusive and they'd beat the shit out of me for like every day for 16 months.
John Reinhart: Old, were you
Giovanni Murray: Late I was like 13 and 13 and then I turned 14 there. They'd beat the shit out of me every day.
Giovanni Murray: Very proud to molest me the kids, they were fucking awful like beat the shit out of me like
Giovanni Murray: Counselors, I can beat the shit out of me all the time. Sorry language.
John Reinhart: Thank you.
John Reinhart: Yeah, no, that's not cool. Okay, that's, that's pretty darn traumatic, I'd say.
Giovanni Murray: Well, yeah.
John Reinhart: What I need to know, do you, did you ever
John Reinhart: Serve now. You haven't served in the military.
Giovanni Murray: Do you have
John Reinhart: Any chiller legal issues you're concerned about
Giovanni Murray: No way to trouble.
John Reinhart: Alright, cool. Are you in a relationship right now.
Giovanni Murray: Yeah, I have a girlfriend, but
Giovanni Murray: Yeah, it's open. She lets me sleep around. It's what
John Reinhart: Do you have any children.
John Reinhart: I don't. Okay.
John Reinhart: Who do you live where
Giovanni Murray: I live by myself. I moved out when I was 17 well why I moved out to an apartment. When I was 17 I was kicked out when I was 15
John Reinhart: Yeah, you live in an apartment in San Francisco.
Giovanni Murray: But it's like I rent, like a room in a house. I have house.
John Reinhart: Oh, okay. Cool. Yeah, I was gonna say, man, that's, that's kind of price. Well, everything here in California. So cow, whatever.
Giovanni Murray: Still 12
Giovanni Murray: Either on
John Reinhart: Yeah, for a room that's pretty crazy.
John Reinhart: Yeah.
John Reinhart: I'm looking back east to buy a home.
John Reinhart: And they've got beautiful homes or
John Reinhart: 50 $60,000 you know like in Ohio.
Is
John Reinhart: Nuts.
John Reinhart: Did we miss anything. Can you think of anything else right now.
Giovanni Murray: Not really, no.
John Reinhart: I wasn't too painful. Was it
Giovanni Murray: Knows thing.
John Reinhart: He man. Good meeting it
John Reinhart: Yeah, yeah. Well, we'll go call a day. Maybe I'll see you again sometime we could talk if you need to talk over some stuff. All right. Okay.
Giovanni Murray: Sure. Thank you.
John Reinhart: Bye. Take care of math.
John Reinhart: To Barbara to care.
John Reinhart: Okay, that is it 328 that concludes the bio psychosocial meeting with Giovanni Marie. Thank you.